# Ocodo SVG modelines

For too long, overly superficial people have balked at Emacs's homely
looks, and decided, on cosmetic principles alone, that Emacs sucks.

Terrible people that you are, you overlook the immense power of
software, that doesn't conform to standards of visual beauty, and then
you lose. (Because holy shit it's quite amazing! You won't know this,
not really, for about a year after you start using it though, such is
the way of true awesomeness.)

Still, there's no getting over it, we are often superficial, and chose
asthetics over function... I'll leave the metaphors for you to ponder.

#### Emacs and SVG

SVG quietly became partially available within Emacs a few years ago,
and shortly thereafter **@sabof** did a fair bit of experimenting and
also quietly, released a few experimental packages.  Most notably
[svg-mode-line-themes](https://github.com/sabof/svg-mode-line-themes)

... Then, not much happened for a few years, and no one seemed to notice.

### Along came Spacemacs

The Emacs community (whether we use it or not) can thank Spacemacs for
the current influx of new users, and attention that Emacs is receiving
in 2015.

It's focus on ex-vim users, config organisation and some pleasing
visual defaults, has made it highly popular, and the Vim community
buzzes with talk of Spacemacs...

# Wildly attractive!

Ok, so that's just a preamble, this new package of wildly attractive
(YMMV) svg modelines, is aimed at those people who need a little extra
eye-candy, to make life feel lovely and nice.

There is a little less info available than in a standard modeline, but
you will get everything you will usually need.

Things omitted, Unix/Dos end-of-line info, complete run-down of your
minor modes (that will be addressed in a forthcoming package of
extended svg modelines.)

### So what do I get?

You get 3 dark and 2 light svg modelines, adorned with gradients and
trim, one features a banana with a moustache. Yes, you heard
right. What? You don't like bananas with a moustaches?

- List of themes....


To install ... **PENDING** ...

### Ugh! Yuck! I don't like this fancy/stupid shit.

Ok then, enjoy the rest of your day.
